My super flat world recently turned 13
years old, and I realized that I hadn't
actually done a world tour or a free
world download in almost 4 years. So, I
wanted to see what actually changed in
my world in those 4 years. And I did not
expect there to be such a huge
difference. Massive mega structures that
I've gotten so used to seeing just
weren't there back then. And so much
detail is missing from areas like the
harbor that have really come to life
since the last tour in 2021. My Nether
dimension had just been reset at the
time, so I had a dinky little temporary
base instead of the awesome castle I
have now. and my end dimension was
basically empty instead of being the
bustling cyberpunk city it is today. And
a lot more than just my world has
transformed. When I posted the last
world tour, I had 5,630 subscribers and
now we're at 2.6 million. But to be
fair, some things haven't changed at
all. Like my creepy wall of fireballs or
my petrified oaks lab collection. If you
want to explore my world for yourself,
the free world download is linked in the
description of the world tour on my side
channel, More Swamp.